A present for my grandmother
Saying it scares you to death, you haven't seen it in eight lifetimes
This millennium ginseng?
It's me
My friend bought it at a high price of millions.
To honor grandma
grandma
This wild ginseng?
It's the best of Shenzhong
unique
It is indeed more atmospheric than some people
Thank you Xiaode for the gift.
You have accepted it
Did the boss see it?
Now that's a gift.
Oops, things are good things.
But even better if it's true
What do you mean?
What do I mean? Don't you know?
How did this ginseng tree come to be? Don't you have any idea?
Don't talk nonsense
I can warn you boy
This ginseng tree, I
Bought it back with friends for millions
Do you see it?
I still have the inspection report here.
Taproot of wild ginseng
The length of the follow-up root is generally the same
Usually between 3cm and 10cm.
The shape appears as a human
Usually cylindrical and rhombus.
But here's the thing.
The surface of such ginseng is usually yellow-gray
It's covered with rice dumplings.
On the slender and long rhizomes
Dense scars
And look at your ginseng
According to chaos
Short and ugly
At a glance, it is the life of artificial breeding